Inductive Bias - The assumptions we make for the model selection is called Inductive Bias of a ML algorithm.
Origial Answer- The set of assumptions that defines the model selection criteria of a machine learning algorithm is
                               known as the inductive bias of the machine learning algorithm. 

KNN - A classification algoritham.
             K nearest neighbour's algorithm is a lazy learner algrithams and Supervised Learning Technique that helps to label or Classify a new 
             input based on its learnings from the model that is trained on the past data. This algorithm takes K a number as an input for 
             classifying or labelling the new inputs.

Machine Learning is ill-posed Problem.

A Machine Learning Algorithm searches all the possible set of models and selects the best model that is in consistent with the data that
we are building the model for. This Model selection is based on the two features of the data they are the Descriptive features that describe
the data and the Target feature that we ar trying to predict. It is argued that Machine Learning is ill- posed problem.
Primary reasons why we say that Machine Learning is ill posed are
 1. All the Machine Learning Model uses large datasets for building a Model. These Datasets involves some irregularites these are 
     called as Noise in the Data.This noise present in the data leads us in making the wrong predictins.
     With these noises existing in the data we build our model and predict the outcome. 
2. The other reason we say is about the Training Data. In general we take training data and testing data ratio as 75:25. We can observe that 
    we are not building the model on the entire data, Hence we can say that training data will never be used to make an unique solution
    because we are not the taking the complete data but a part of the data for building the model. Where we can miss some important 
    data that is not present in the training dataset. 




 